All right so in ad here we're actually going to do something a little bit different.
It's kind of too easy in my opinion.
And we're going to do two different algorithms here but I'm going to do them one video because they're
so related.
Well we want to do is write a function that adds two numbers together that's it takes in a takes and
A B and adds them together and returns that value.
Now once we have that working we're going to write another function that's going to add numbers together
regardless of how many parameters we have now say we call it with five parameters of five different
numbers.
We want all those numbers to be added.
And if you do with 4 3 2 1.
We wanted to add those numbers as well but we only want to have a single function.
And so some hints for this is you're going to use earth metric operators for the second part for the
second solution.
We're going to be using the rest operator and for each Let's go ahead and dive into it.
All right.
So Part 1 you'll see we have our function here and we're saying what do we do we do it with this well.
I honestly feel for if we're struggling with sort of understanding this we should basically just describe
what's going on here in our function.
And so a function is reusable code at the end of the day.
And so we declare that function keyword and then we have ADD.
That's the name of the function so that we can call it again like we're doing in these commande it out
console logs each one takes in a parameter or can take in they don't have to.
But these are values we're passing into the function to be.
So we have one and two in typescript.
We're assigning a type to them so that we know what to expect or what data type or where we're going
to be interacting with.
And then you'll see here this call after the function name.
This shows us what we're expecting our return type to be so we're expecting to return a number here.
So this is going to be your turn.
How might we add these two numbers together just like so one plus per and 2 and we can check our solutions
here.
It would do it.
And of course we always forget to turn on Khokha.
You'll see that we get three and five.
One plus two three and three plus two is five.
So this is the first part.
Let's go ahead and dive into the second part now.
All right so you'll see here I wrote this function add to and put a parameter and then any.
I was just saying it could be any type and you'll see here that we're giving this undefined right because
this function only has one parameter.
It's still expected type the same return type but only at one parameter passing in here 5 and in here
too.
So what the rest operator does we'll see when we throw these three dots on here is it takes this value.
And in our case we change the type here but it takes this value and it turns it into an array.
In our case it's going to be turned into a number array.
So you'll see here if we were to cancel that log program one here.
You actually have arrays of out you have an array of those values.
So you would use the rest operator like so if you didn't know how many arguments you're going to have
in there you know it's going to create a list of them.
Now at this point all we would have to do is create a variable that we could iterate through and just
call this total initialized to 0 and then we'll just say for AM ONE total.
But it's your on for each and say no.
And so total plus equals no in return.
Like so excuse me the return total and you see we get our 5 and then we get the 15 as well.
So this would be how you would handle this same problem sort of kicked up a notch but able to handle
multiple inputs or no inputs at all.
In reality.